{"en":"In the nineteenth century,  a novelist would bring his story to a conclusion by presenting his readers with a series of coincidences -- most of them wildly improbable. ^ ","ch":"在19世纪， 小说家常在小说结尾处给读者准备一系列的巧合--大部分是牵强附会， 极不可能的。  "}
{"en":"Readers happily accepted the fact that an obscure maidservant was really the hero's mother. ^ ","ch":"当时的读者却愉快地接受这样一些事实：一个低贱的女佣实际上是主人公的母亲； "}
{"en":"A long-lost brother,  who was presumed dead,  was really alive all the time and wickedly plotting to bring about the hero's downfall.  And so on. ^ ","ch":"主人公一位长期失散的兄弟， 大家都以为死了， 实际上一直活着， 并且正在策划暗算主人公；如此等等，  "}
{"en":"Modern readers would find such naive solutions totally unacceptable. ^ ","ch":"现代读者会觉得这种天真的结局完全无法接受。  "}
{"en":"Yet,  in real life,  circumstances do sometimes conspire to bring about coincidences which anyone but a nineteenth century novelist would find incredible. ^ ","ch":"不过， 在现实生活中， 有时确实会出现一些巧合， 这些巧合除了19世纪小说家外谁也不会相信。  "}
{"en":"When I was a boy,  my grandfather told me how a German taxi driver, ^ ","ch":"当我是个孩子的时候， 我祖父给我讲了一位德国出租汽车司机 "}
{"en":"Franz Bussman,  found a brother who was thought to have been killed twenty years before. ^ ","ch":"弗朗兹. 巴斯曼如何找到了据信已在20年前死去的兄弟的事。  "}
{"en":"While on a walking tour with his wife,  he stopped to talk to a workman. ^ ","ch":"一次， 他与妻子徒步旅行。 途中， 停下来与一个工人交谈，  "}
{"en":"After they had gone on,  Mrs.  Bussman commented on the workman's close resemblance to her husband and even suggested that he might be his brother. ^ ","ch":"接着他们继续往前走去。 巴斯曼夫人说那工人与她丈夫相貌很像， 甚至猜测他可能就是她丈夫的兄弟。  "}
{"en":"Franz poured scorn on the idea,  pointing out that his brother had been killed in action during the war. ^ ","ch":"弗朗兹对此不屑一顾， 指出他兄弟已经在战争中阵亡了。  "}
{"en":"Though Mrs.  Busssman was fully acquainted with this story,  she thought that there was a chance in a million that she might be right. ^ ","ch":"尽管巴斯曼夫人熟知这个情况， 但她仍然认为自己的想法仍有百万分之一的可能性。  "}
{"en":"A few days later,  she sent a boy to the workman to ask him if his name was Hans Bussman. ^ ","ch":"几天后， 她派了一个男孩去问那人是否叫汉斯. 巴斯曼。  "}
{"en":"Needless to say,  the man's name was Hans Bussman and he really was Franz's long-lost brother. ^ ","ch":"不出巴斯曼夫人所料， 那人的名字真是汉斯. 巴斯曼， 他确实是弗朗兹失散了多年的兄弟。  "}
{"en":"When the brothers were reunited,  Hans explained how it was that he was still alive. ^ ","ch":"兄弟俩团聚之时， 汉斯说明了他活下来的经过，  "}
{"en":"After having been wounded towards the end of the war,  he had been sent to hospital and was separated from his unit. ^ ","ch":"战争即将结束时， 他负伤被送进医院， 并与部队失去联系。  "}
{"en":"The hospital had been bombed and Hans had made his way back into Western Germany on foot. ^ ","ch":"医院遭到轰炸， 汉斯步行回到了西德。  "}
{"en":"Meanwhile,  his unit was lost and all records of him had been destroyed. ^ ","ch":"与此同时， 他所在的部队被击溃， 他的所有档案材料全部毁于战火。  "}
{"en":"Hans returned to his family home,  but the house had been bombed and no one in the neighbourhood knew what had become of the inhabitants. ^ ","ch":"汉斯重返故里， 但他的家已被炸毁， 左邻右舍谁也不知原住户的下落，  "}
{"en":"Assuming that his family had been killed during an air raid,  Hans settled down in a village fifty miles away where he had remained ever since. ^ ","ch":"汉斯以为全家人都在空袭中遇难， 于是便在距此50英里外的一座村子里定居下来， 直至当日。  "}